Update CHANGELOG (#10180)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Potential open redirect vulnerability in the authentication workflow. [#10167](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/10167)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A potential security vulnerability with in the authentication workflow has been fixed. [#10167](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/10167)
```
